# Cut the clutter

## example1
This paper ~~provides a~~ review ~~of the basic tenets of~~ cancer biology study design, using
~~as~~ examples ~~studies~~ that illustrate ~~the methodologic~~ challenges ~~or that demonstrate 
successful~~ solutions ~~to the difficulties inherent in biological research.~~

-> This paper reviews cancer biology study design, using examples that illustrate specific
challenges and solutions.

- 在思考同一个单词的替代词的时候，思考是不是甚至不需要那个单词的第二个实例

## example2
~~As it is well known~~, increased athletic activity has been related to ~~a 
profile of~~ lower cardiovascular risk, lower blood pressure ~~levels~~, and 
improved muscular and cardio-respiratory performance.

-> Increased athletic activity is associated with lower cardiovascular risk, lower blood pressure 
, and improved fitness.

-> Increased athletic activity lowers cardiovascular risk and blood pressure 
   , and improved fitness.
   
- 不需要说明 “这是众所周知的”
- has been related to -> is associated with
- muscular and cardio-respiratory performance 实际上指的就是 fitness
 
 
## examples
The experimental demonstration is the first of its kind and 
is a proof of principle for the concept of laser driven particle
acceleration in a structure loaded vacuum.

-> The experiment provides the first proof of principle of laser-driven particle
   acceleration in a structure loaded vacuum.

- is 有点太无聊的，用 provides

## Cut unnecessary words
- 保持警惕和无情
- 尝试没有那些额外单词的句子，看他们是否变得更好

## 常见的无用单词
- Dead weight words and phrases
  - as it is well known
  - as it has been known
  - It can be regarded that
  - It should be emphasized that
- Empty words and phrases
  - basic tenets of
  - methodologic
  - important
- 可以被缩短的长的单词或短语
  - muscular and cardio-respiratory performance -> fitness
- 不必要的术语和首字母缩写
  - 避免使用缩写除非它众所周知
- 重复单词或短语
  - studies / examples
  - illustrate / demonstrate
  - challenges / difficulties
  - successful solutions
- 副词
  - very
  - really 
  - quit
  - basically
  - generally
  
## 长单词可被缩短
- a majority of -> most
- a number of -> many
- are of the same opinion -> agree
- less frequently occurring -> rare
- all three of the -> the three
- give rise to -> cause
- due to the fact that -> because
- have an effect on -> affect
- based on the assumption that -> if
 

## 其他的技巧
- 消灭否定词
  - Not honest -> dishonest 
- 消灭 there are / there is
  - There are many ways in which we can arrange the pulleys. -> We can arrange the pulleys in many ways.
- 消灭没用的介词 that / on
  - The meeting happened on Monday. -> The meeting happened Monday. 


 
